Blue Tongue:
Symptoms: Affects sheep of all ages;
 goats rarely show clinical disease. Clinical signs range from transient fever and swelling of the face, muzzle, and ears; large amount of nasal discharge which may cause crusting around the nose; oral mucus membranes become dark pink and as the disease progresses, small hemorrhages and ulcers may form on the roof and corners of the mouth. The tongue may become cyanotic (blue) but not as common as the name indicates. Laminitis can develop caused by inflammation of the coronary band and tissues of the foot to the point that some animals may slough their hooves. Diarrhea and wool-break will also occur in infected animals. Bluetongue virus will cause abortions, stillbirths and weak lambs.

https://goats.extension.org/bluetongue-in-goats/#:~:text=Clinical%20signs%20range%20from%20transient,and%20corners%20of%20the%20mouth.

Antharax:

Symptoms: In cattle, goats and sheep, sudden death is the typical sign. Fever, staggering,excitement, depression, incoordination, trembling and difficulty breathing may be seen in some animals, followed by rapid collapse, terminal convulsions and death. Bloody discharges from natural body openings such as the nose, mouth, ears, penis and rectum are sometimes observed. Humans can become infected by handling infected animals or contaminated surfaces. The organism enters the skin, leading to a dark scab at point of entry. Infections acquired by inhalation or ingestion can be fatal if left untreated.

Tetanus:

Signs: Signs of illness can include muscle stiffness, unsteady gait, drooping eyelids, changed voice, erect ears and tail and inability to eat or drink. The signs often get progressively worse and convulsions may occur. Death occurs from asphyxiation secondary to respiratory paralysis.

Clinical Signs of Orf scab
Approximately a week after the initial infection, kids usually have a raised temperature followed by the development of spots, pustules and scabs at the infection site which is often the mouth, lips and nose area. Lesions can also be seen on the tongue, gums and palate (McElroy and Bassett, 2007).
